.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH dfpl 1 "JAN 2014" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
dfpl \- powerlevel dwarf fortress adventure character
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dfpl throw NUM [
.I inv-keysym
.B ]
.br
.B dfpl pick NUM [
.I ground-keysym
.B ]
.br
.B dfpl chat NUM
.br
.B dfpl stay NUM
.br
.B dfpl circle NUM
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dfpl
powerlevels dwarf fortress adventure mode characters via xorg macros very,
very quickly. dfpl should only be run while dwarf fortress is open with a
loaded adventure mode character.
.PP
.PP
.B dfpl pick
is useful for picking up large amounts of rocks to train throwing
.PP
.PP
.B dfpl throw
is useful for throwing rocks very quicky to build throwing skill + attributes
.PP
.PP
.B dfpl stay
is useful for skipping turns and allowing weak enemies to attack you many times, building armor/dodge/etc skill + attributes
.PP
.PP
.B dfpl chat
is useful for repeatedly talking to npcs ('surroundings' option) to reveal large amounts of sites/secrets
.PP
.PP
.B dfpl circle
is useful for building sneak/swim skill + attributes
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "dfpl pick 20 e"
picks 20 rocks off the ground, assuming they occupy the 'e' key position in the pickup menu ('g') (default: 'a')
.IP "dfpl throw 400 s"
throws 400 rocks beginning with inventory slot 's' (default: 'f')
.IP "dfpl chat 1000"
chats (presses enter) 1000 times, useful for spamming 'ask about surroundings' to reveal secrets
.IP "dfpl stay 1000"
waits (presses period) for 1000 turns
.IP "dfpl circle 100"
moves in a 4-square circle 100 times
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-s, --sleep FLOAT"
sets the sleep time between actions. default is 0.15
.IP "-w, --winname STRING"
specify a window to direct keyclicks. default is, obviously, "Dwarf Fortress"
.IP "-r, --return-keysym STRING"
set a custom return keysym. default is KP_Enter
.IP "-v, --version"
returns version number, exits
.IP "-f, --fast"
enables fast mode
.SH AUTHOR
written by kremlin (kremlin.cc)
.SH COPYRIGHT
copyright © 2014 kremlin. license: GPLv2
.br
this is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. there is
.B no warranty
, to the extent permitted by law.
